So we got a second application.
This one happens to be a react app.
Now I am using the like
version of Electron Forge.
There is also a webpack version for For
those of you who remember how
to mess around with Webpack.
I don't mean like that's most people.
For me personally,
I work on a Svelte app all day.
So I live in Vite.
I have not touched Webpack in a few years.
So I chose that one because I was looking
out for me and what I need in my life.
But I will show you the amount of work
it took to get react installed in
the Vite one, which is.
I installed vitejs/plugin-react and
put it in there,
and now my electron app supports react.
And so that was it.
That's the.
You know,
that's our tutorial on how to use react
in an Electron Forge application.
So good, good talk everyone.
Does that become its own
section at this point?
Or, okay.
So with that, the layout of
the application is shockingly similar to
before, because I didn't need
to reinvent the wheel here.
Other than the fact that like we do the,
react dom dance.
Right that we have done before.
Use clipping looks complicated.
It's just a use reducer that I didn't
wanna look at in the regular code,
and that's all it's doing is then instead
of knowing that I'm using use reducer,
it exports an addClipping,
removeClipping, and updateClipping.
I don't even think I use the update
clipping, but it's simply a use reducer.
That is hanging out its own hook.
And yeah, there's some CSS
that we'll touch in a second.
Most of what we care about and
need is just in application.tsx
like everything else should
unless I made a boo boo.
That I didn't, sometimes you start with
the app and then you build it in the apply
the things you know you needed later, if I
missed one of those we'll have to pop in
and change that but mostly everything we
need to do will be in application.tsx,
main looks like the default
thing that we've seen and loved.
So, like not a lot new here.
The biggest change from the previous
one is we have react through
a grand total of what I can assume is
under 25 characters in my Vite setup for
the renderer, which is to include
the fact that we wanna parse JSX.
Right, that's it.
One can imagine that Svelte, Vue
what have you is exactly the same
amount of work except instead
of a react plug-in you put in
a spell plug-in and life goes on and
everything is good.
So that is the kind of main change there.